[excel] (Platform Support) Expand support coverage to include Windows (#543)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/resources/samples/convert-csv.md

### Script testing

> To test the script without using Power Automate, assign a value to `csv` before using it. Try adding the following code as the first line of the `main` function and selecting **Run**.

Reviewer: Sorry I didn't catch this one before. 
```suggestion
To test the script without using Power Automate, assign a value to `csv` before using it. Add the following code as the first line of the `main` function and select **Run**.
```
